Add missing gRPC docs for the new features (#30203)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/grpc-xds.adoc

////
This guide is maintained in the main Quarkus repository
and pull requests should be submitted there:
https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/tree/main/docs/src/main/asciidoc
////

> = Using xDS gRPC

Reviewer: This heading will make Vale very unhappy :-D 
We need to add `xDS` and `gRPC` to the excluded word list (@michelle-purcell / @ebullient )

Reviewer 2: Fixed in PR #30256.

include::_attributes.adoc[]
:categories: serialization
:summary: This page explains how to enable xDS gRPC usage in your Quarkus application.

This page explains how to enable xDS gRPC usage in your Quarkus application.

> IMPORTANT: This Quarkus xDS gRPC integration currently doesn't support `native` runtime due to the issues

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: This Quarkus xDS gRPC integration currently doesn't support building native executables due to the issues
```

> with sharded grpc-netty library while running native IT tests.

Reviewer 3: Either `shaded` or `shared`?
```suggestion
with shaded grpc-netty library while running native IT tests.
```

Reviewer: shaded :-D 

But I think we can write a _law_: all libraries using a shaded netty variant are sharding the netty space

> with sharded grpc-netty library while running native IT tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with shaded `grpc-netty` library while running native IT tests.
```

== Configuring your project

Edit the `pom.xml` file to add the Quarkus gRPC xDS dependency (just under `<dependencies>`):

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
  <artifactId>quarkus-grpc-xds</artifactId>
</dependency>
----

NOTE: This transitively adds `io.quarkus:quarkus-grpc` extension dependency.

> == Server Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Server configuration
```

include::{generated-dir}/config/quarkus-grpc-config-group-config-xds.adoc[opts=optional, leveloffset=+1]

> == Example of Server Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Server configuration example
```

To enable server xDS, use the following configuration.

> xDS must be explicitly enabled for server, and make sure you point it to the right xDS server port (default is 9000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xDS must be explicitly enabled on the server,  then verify you use it to the right xDS server port (default is 9000).
```

If you want to use `XdsServerCredentials` set `xds.secure` to `true`.

[source,properties]
----
quarkus.grpc.server.xds.enabled=true
#quarkus.grpc.server.xds.secure=true
quarkus.grpc.server.port=30051
----

NOTE: When xDS is configured, `plain-text` is automatically disabled.

> == Client Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Client configuration
```

include::{generated-dir}/config/quarkus-grpc-config-group-config-client-xds.adoc[opts=optional, leveloffset=+1]

> NOTE: When xDS target property is used, name resolver, host and port are not used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When xDS target property is used, name resolver, host, and port are not used.
```

> == Example of Client Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Client configuration example
```

To enable client xDS, use the following configuration.

You can either explicitly enable xDS or you use `xds` name resolver,
and make sure you point it to the right xDS server port (default is 9000).
If you want to use `XdsChannelCredentials` set `xds.secure` to `true`.

[source,properties]
----
#quarkus.grpc.clients.<client-name>.xds.enabled=true
#quarkus.grpc.clients.<client-name>.xds.secure=true
quarkus.grpc.clients.<client-name>.name-resolver=xds
quarkus.grpc.clients.<client-name>.port=30051
----

NOTE: When xDS is configured, `plain-text` is automatically disabled.

> == Example of additional Kubernetes Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Kubernetes configuration example
```

> Below is an example of (required) additional configuration when using xDS gRPC with Istio in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of (required) additional configuration when using xDS gRPC with the Istio Service Mesh in Kubernetes.
```
